# ReproducibleResearchFINALPROJECT
Life expectancy is a critical factor and indicator of the health around a given population. Thus, identifying and analyzing the variables which impact life expectancy can advance the overall health of a country into the future. Throughout the course of history, much research has been conducted around this subject. According to studies, the average life expectancy has increased over the course of history (\cite{10.1001/jama.2016.4226}). In the past, many people and countries around the world endured a lack of access to resources, disease immunizations, or education, leading to a higher mortality rate, and a shorter lifespan. However as time progressed,  countries continued to make improvements in their standard of living, vaccines, and overall development. This report aims to study how life expectancy has changed over 15 years as a result of development, and what variables have the most impact on it. The data-set has international information aggregated by the World Health Organization (WHO), and consists of time series data by country. Immunization values are also utilized, like Hepatitis B and Polio. The separation by country can facilitate the identification of predicting variables upon overall life expectancy. Specific countries can also be pinpointed which need to be prioritized in terms of analysis and health benefits. The top countries with the lowest life expectancy are developing countries with less economic resources and less education. The relationships between GDP, education, income, and life expectancy are explored. 
